# Project Name

## Overview
This project implements RSA encryption and decryption. It includes a Makefile for building the project and generating necessary files.

## Files
- **rsa.c**: The main source file containing the RSA implementation.
- **Makefile**: Automates the build process and generates additional files.
- **plaintext.txt**: A file generated by the Makefile containing a test message.

## Build Instructions
To build the project and generate the necessary files, use the following command: 
``` 
make
```
This command will:
- Compile the source code into an executable.
- Create a `plaintext.txt` file with the message: "Hello Mister Ioannidis this is a test on the rsa code we wrote!"


## Usage
After building the project, you can run the executable to generate the keys of the specified size. The size of the key's can vary from 1024 to 4096.

```
./rsa_assign_1 -g (keySize)
``` 

### Options
- `-e`: Encrypt a message.
- `-d`: Decrypt a message.
- `-i <input_file>`: Specify an input file.
- `-o <output_file>`: Specify an output file.

## Example
To encrypt a message from `plaintext.txt` and save it to `ciphertext.txt`, you might use:
```
./rsa_assign_1 -i plaintext.txt -o ciphertext.txt -k public_(sizeKey).key
```     

To decrypt the message back to `plaintext.txt`, you might use:
```
./rsa_assign_1 -i ciphertext.txt -o plaintext.txt -k private_(sizeKey).key
``` 
also in the program we can run a performace test by using the following command:
```
./rsa_assign_1 -a (outputFile.txt)
```     
in this section we are not sure what the problem is but the output memory usage of the encryption and decryption are not correct,
we couldn't find the problem so we left it like that. 